so I fly here with you of cars
seven and then if today I come
bringing what is the 2013 new
installed
he gave me a little flight he was
checking I was seeing that what I changed
It's something new and I play some games
is very very well is complete is
full and good then let's give them a tour
let's start with the matches the
matches they changed this
what's new
when choosing
and obviously the equipment is what comes out
well they are lists that also changed is
something new
and good
let's go to uefa I have not tried it but
equally
except for friendly match championship
I think it comes out the same
and if all that
this change a lot this what is the subject
of the Santander Cup the Santander Cup
added three new Mexican teams
will show us
what are these blue cross chivas and tigers
they added
I think
Sunday I think
to the mouth juniors too and
I do not remember the arsenal that either
it's something else that we're going
going forward
league master be a legend here was
something that impressed me that impressed me
I do not know why they did not add it
but you put championship and jump to
that cup
the diagnosis change is not online
no longer does not appear what is this
league mode
because I do not know
let's see
He had a friend to intern the
europe cup of africa america and
Oceania
the classic glasses you do not know why not
they added what is league of
training adds not what is
transmits intensive that as you see in the
little yellow circle I have not tried
the one I 'm playing with the keyboard
it's going to be a lot to edit
blacks in the players we are going to teach
whatever
what interests us not alignments and
you pause
if they want to see all the alignment that
it will happen to them like that
good moms in this league because it's going to
the video is very long and I do not want that
we do not want to bore you either
no not to say mittens
let's go to what 's boys
in which everyone hates the one that was
Sorry a few days ago
because this already know how it is
would increase then they did not add many
boots but I am is through the
updates
they are all already and well that more than
more than more than more
what else did he bring again this
information in information when
300 that I downloaded it appeared that there was
an update of the data package
I thought they were going to add these new
boots new balls and all that but not
I really do not know I do not know that before
to do that update so no
I know what I change
in gallery in gallery then we are going to
find
and there is no if you have what we are going to
find in any ps in the pef
2011-2012 and in this one that is going to be
the statistics of your matches
what are the repetitions
whatever
for the achievements of the first part
victory and all those are many achievements
I do not think I'll complete it all
the nickname list the one that I think they're going to
put newbies and many many many more
that also look are a lot of things
what is there
you have to unblock look here comes
here says championship gives you more than what
has to win the uefa champions league
that can be like this victory network
voting championship
finely
reproduction I do not have any other
gallery in options so
what you find is the same in any
time not
online options system options
they are colors and god of the whole world
of playlist that are the
songs
can leave and after
the gameplay did something to me if I
It was good but I want to throw myself
a liquid a league
with some equipment
and I come to know that they do not bring it
another comes from pure glass and I did not like it
that
but good band but good until here
we already saw the video 2013 and rose
patch update perceive 1.0
and patch psd 1.1 and the and they went up
in the page
boots pack 1.1 I think and well then
is they are very pending because soon
I'm going to start downloading the pack
old the psd patch to upload them
video
so do not forget to comment on old
of like and good then this all
credits go to the page ps point no
it's not point this is a dotcom patch
what good on your facebook on your facebook
that I talked to them and they told me that
if I could continue making videos I would
I commented I told him on facebook
them who was making videos of
patch of pes 2012 updates and
that soon when the fish came out 2013
that if they gave me a chance to continue and
keep going up they said yes no
there was no problem and well
then I'll leave what I do
they want to download the game they are going to
leave where I download my
video where I looked for the page of the
fish a dotcom patch then we
we see until the next video that they are
of the best
bye